The Joe Rogan experience. When you see that academy award speech,
thank you. Compilation, where all the people go up,
all the various people that eventually talk about them. Go up and praise.
Harvey Weinstein. I never saw it. Oh my God. It's so bizarre. It's so strange.
Because they were intimidated that he had that much power over people's careers
and they didn't feel like their voice would be heard or that people would,
you know, take them seriously. He would find a way to,
to you basically you.
Up. He wouldn't know me. He wouldn't know me. Uh,
every three or four times,
like I run into him in Madison square garden and there's a restaurant Tribeca
grill,
which he had owned a piece of at one point and give you a half-ass
hello? Maybe he was way above. I was beneath him. He never got punched.
In the face. Is that what it is? I.
Heard Jason priestly punched him in the face at a party. Yeah. Yeah.
I heard that he got out of line and Jason Priestley punched him in the face.
I think nobody beat the out of Harvey Weinstein and it wouldn't be that
difficult. He could hardly breathe.
He smoke smoking chain smoke and he wasn't a tough guy.
He was tough with assistance. You know, beats.
Us like when w if you thought about a character in a film,
Harvey Weinstein is almost too on the head. Almost unbelievable. Yeah.
Nobody would. Nobody would do. They would never get away
with it for so long. Don't do it in 20 something years. Nobody would do that.
Yeah. And like, to be more right. They've got.
More cases. Yeah. There's way more cases.
This is just what he's been convicted for. Right? I mean,
he apparently was behaving like that for decades telling me nobody knew they
knew. They all knew that's what's crazy is it's worked into his contract.
His contract had, if you get this amount, this amount of sec,
like per sexual harassment case,
they had it that he would have to pay this much. If it was two,
he'd have to pay that much. If it was three-headed.
Imagine if you're signing up for a place and like, Steve,
I know you're a piece of. So this is what we're going to work into the contract,
all your piece of behavior.
We're going to write it down and you're going to be penalized per piece of in
here.
Oh yeah. It's amazing. It's fun. You know what all complicit.
This is something that I, I don't understand. These assistants,
the people in his office,
people that knew this stuff that saw the stuff that set them off,
that he was meeting the girl in the lobby. But then she comes down and says, oh,
Harvey needs to meet you up in his room. She was part of it.
Or he, or whatever the assistants were. It was like, I mean,
I would never do that.
I ain't never played dumb. Agree to that. No, of course not.
But you also, you don't have to.
And when you think of an assistant in particular,
you're thinking about someone who has virtually no power.
And there's a thing called diffusion of responsibility,
where there's too many people involved. You don't feel like you're responsible.
You don't feel like you, you know,
that's when they say it's easier to assault someone in front of a hundred people
than it to assault someone in front of one person,
because one person might step in and stop it.
But a hundred people will sit around and go, someone's got to stop this. Gotcha.
You know? And that's, I think that when you're an assistant,
you probably work in check to check. You got this guy who,
the king of Hollywood, he's a, he's worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Intimidating. Yeah. I understand the guy yells at people.
He yells. That's what he did. You know,
what's amazing to me is people still haven't come forward.
People that worked with him, uh, actors, whatever actresses,
I think they're still afraid.
Somehow he's going to come back like in a horror film, keep signing.
People. Don't he's not done.
To deal with that publicly. You know, it's, it's a hard thing to talk about.
I don't want to, they don't want everybody to know. I mean,
I think you're right. And I think also that.
I don't mean people that he assaulted,
just people that were around him that were aware. I don't know who.
That is. They don't want to talk about it publicly.
I think you're right about that. I think it's, they've already,
he's already been caught. It's over. They got him. He's in jail.
He'd be in jail forever. He's up. His body's falling apart. He can't even walk.
I mean, it's.
Funny for me, what a fall from grace spectacular.
Fall. And just a few years, if you go back seven years ago,
there's not a whisper of this. Right. So seven years later, the guy's in jail.
Can't walk, you know, his, his body's falling apart.
That's the way he just got to get somebody to give him the Sinai pills. it.
Have done that. And had to know where this was going when he was free.
I don't.
Think he did. No.
I think he thought he was going to get off and he was planning a comeback.
And you know, he was.
You know, I know one of his attorneys, uh,
that was there early on and he fired him.
And I ran into him right before he got sentenced a few weeks before.
And I said, this Harvey's going to get off. And he said, nah, nah, nah,
you see, he won't get off here. If he would have kept me. He said, he said,
if he would've kept me, I would've got him off. He said he have gotten them off.
I didn't go. You know, I mean,
I know the guy acquaintance from the knick games and sure enough, he got,
why 23 years.
It seems like things happen in the court of public opinion on guys like that.
Most certainly did here. I would have just, there's no way I would want to be.
What kind of life is.
Us character. I mean,
just with his disgusting face and his body and like everything about it.
And you had some dealings with them. Yeah.
I did a couple of jobs with them. I did it. I wrote a script for him.
I had to work with him kind of closely. Did he try to grab, you.
Know, trying to grab.
Me? What was he like?
You know, he was okay with me. Yeah.
No, he had opinions. Um, uh, he was all right. I mean,
it was just work. There was nothing. I mean,
obviously he didn't go to dinner with them or nothing. No, no.
It was only in his office and stuff. I did. And I did a job for his brother.
Another, a job.
For his brother. I think his brother was a nicer guy. Right. He.
Was okay. I think he was very intimidated by Harvey. I think Harvey was bullied.
It was brother big time. It's.
Just fascinating story because it's incredible.
And it's the wife and the three kids and a beautiful, it's sort of crazy.
It's like, how, how the does that even happen?
And it's one of those things that if it's, if it's in a film, it just,
it's almost like he's too much of a villain. Yeah.
You're right. That would never happen. The details when you put it all.
Together, you're like, no, really in Hollywood.
Where he's famous and then he's dealing with the most famous people in the
world. Right. And everybody keeps.
Her mouth shut and he a list stars and then puts them in Philly.
Do you think, uh, uh, do you think that some of the, the,
the women that have denied having sex with them had sex with them? Yes. You do.
Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. I wanted to buy with probably, I don't know. I don't want to them. No,
I wouldn't have talked about it if I, yeah, exactly. I don't know.
Do you want to talk about that? That's hard,
but the thing about Harvey Weinstein and people like that, they would have had,
if, if, if he would've said, listen, I'm a fat, disgusting bastard,
but if you're bagging me, I'll put you in the next movie.
They wouldn't line up. There would be people lined up around the corner.
I think that his party part of what he did. No. No, I think I,
I don't know if that's true, you know, from what I understand,
I don't think he needed to do this. I think it's his ego.
And I think that's too, like bill Cosby was the same thing.
Yeah. Yes, yes. It's becomes a pathology.
And I think there's also a thing about power. You know, it's a,
it's a power thing that to have power over people and also to have power over
these beautiful actresses that everybody else was lusting over. You know,
you put some actress in a film and you know,
she's the center of everyone's attention and she's got a, you know,
a small dress on, she walks into a room and the, you know, the,
the whole place lights up and she's sucking Harvey's Dick. You.
Know that it's the yeah. Tons of.
Tons of women, tons of women, you know.
The addiction thing too. I think if you, you know, there's,
there was a recording of this one girl that he had groped, and then, you know,
she wanted a movie role and he's grabbing her and he's like,
just come back to my place. Come on, come on, just come on. Like,
you're hearing it like a guy asking for heroin. Yeah. Yeah.
It's almost sniffling like begging her. It was weird. Like, he'd go.
From being really intimidating to almost begging like Pitt pity.
Me. I need you please. Don't don't embarrass me. You know? It was very weird.
Yeah. I think it's an addiction thing.
I think there was so much going on with that guy.
I mean, he had two young, I don't know if their daughters,
she has two young daughters. I think he has older kids,
younger kids and his wife. And they were just gone. Right.
Maybe unless he just said, that's a rough trip,
unless he just should have gone away. I mean, I don't know if they visit them.
It's all crazy. It's a, it's a, it's a Shakespearian story. Epic.
It is epic proportion, horror.
Story for everyone involved, horror story.
Casting couch in Hollywood. If you stop and think about it, right.
You've got all these women that want to be in films. They want to be stars.
Then you got these guys that can actually help them make them stars,
but they want something.
And then you set up this dynamic that's existed since you know, the twenties.
Imagine what it was like back then. Oh my God. Well,
you know the fatty Arbuckle store. Yeah. Did you read the.
Book? I Fadi that, um, Jerry stall wrote no, it's fantastic.
It's kind of a, almost like a fake memoir written from his.
Point of view. It's brilliant. Well, is he was like, he was the biggest.
Star of his day. He was world known all over the world. Yeah. I mean.
He was basically like the, he was a comedy star, a huge star.
And he did something with a woman where he stuck like a bottle of bourbon. Well,
that, that this.
Goes into it. Apparently there's theories that he didn't really do that,
that it was set up. Cause that that guy was jealous of him. Like a studio guy.
Yeah. It goes into that. It's a really good book.
Jerry Staller wrote permanent midnight, you know? Oh, okay.
Got it. Yeah.
Is there real evidence that points to the fact Jesus Christ.
That was the end of his career. Oh yeah. Done toast done.
The girl died.
Oh, okay. Yeah. It's often. Yeah. There's different theories.
That he was set up by somebody and that he w that he, that all,
that was just they. Oh. Yeah. I imagine that that's crazy. I can.
Tell you, the world is a better place. Harvey Weinstein off the streets,
honestly,
what he did to what he did to run these actresses and women and assistants
just horrible and not sexually, but he destroyed guys too. You know,
directors, just a horrible human and,
and Jesus while he was getting.
Away with it, right. For the longest time,
for the longest time behavior that was reinforced by the people around him.
And then he got away with it. And what's also interesting is like,
if you help someone murder somebody, you would get an accessory.
You, you, you would get, you would get prison time. You would,
there would be charges,
but there's no charges against any of the people that absolutely knew what he
was doing. But that's sort of saying, I have two daughters aiding.
And abetting there's that doesn't apply to that.
Two daughters in their twenties. I don't think my daughters in a million years,
no matter how much they wanted to be in the business would be an accomplished to
that and tell the girl and say, well, Harvey's going to be up in the room or,
or whatever. It's crazy things. Go get Javi's medicine to.
Stick or something. Right? Yeah. Come on. Do you know what he had? This is,
I was going this text thread with a bunch of comics.
He had a type of gang green that you get from diabetes.
It's bacterial on his Dick.
And his Dick was horribly malformed. So I had this,
we were talking about this and then I Googled it.
And then I said to my friends do not Google this. And then they're like,
why not? So that I send them a photo of it, of what it looks like, oh my God.
It's like your, your genitals just right away.
Like all the skin around it rotted away.
And that was one of the things that one of the actresses it said is that she
thought that he was maybe intersex or transgender or that he
had a vagina because he was so scarred up. Oh my God. So it's like,
it's, it's again, it's almost two on the head. It's like, as a,
as a movie character, he's almost too.
Disgusting. He is she playing him in this movie?
Hmm. That'd be a good question. Who could pull it off Christian bale.
Okay. And the way I hope they don't make the movie,
how's that I don't want to see that movie.
If nothing else, lifetime, they're going to make the movie a lifetime.